update transforming tutorial inline with changes to ksqlDB master (#400)
confluentinc/kafka-tutorials: README.md

pip3 install -e .
```

#### 6. Running the tests locally

You can run any of the automated tests locally using a command like:

```
make -C _includes/tutorials/filtering/ksql/code tutorial
```

Substituting in the appropriate tutorial path.

> Note: you will need to be logged in to Docker to be able to access the docker images.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: if you are testing unreleased ksqlDB Docker images, you will need to be logged in to AWS ECR.
```
